Hey welcome to the Course I'm cold.
I'm Tim.
I'm Matt and I'm Ellie.
We've been teaching developer boot camp together for years.
Tim and Matt recently left to form their own boot camp rhythm which are actually at right now.
And I love to teach on mine but we're reuniting for this course this advanced developer boot camp in
this course you're going to learn about advanced us us more technologies with javascript like reactant
DS3.
We're going to dive even deeper into the javascript language.
So you're going to be a real javascript wizard by the end of this course.
Everything that you're learning in this course is what we teach every day here at rhythm's school myself
Matt Tim and Colt have all taught hundreds of students in person had a master this material.
So we're really excited to bring this to you online in the next few videos.
You'll get to know these guys a bit more before we dive deeper into the material.
I like to tell you a bit about why I'm so excited to work these guys again.
And first up I like to introduce Matt.